Update doc to use metric units in string format (#33386)
CleverRaven/Cataclysm-DDA: doc/JSON_INFO.md

"description" : "Socks. Put 'em on your feet.", // Description of the item
"phase" : "solid",                // (Optional, default = "solid") What phase it is
"weight" : 350,                   // Weight of the item in grams. For stackable items (ammo, comestibles) this is the weight per charge.

> "volume" : "250 ml",              // Volume, volume in ml and L can be used - "50ml" or "2L". For stackable items (ammo, comestibles) this is the volume of stack_size charges.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
"volume" : "250 ml",              // Volume, volume in ml and L can be used - "50 ml" or "2 L". For stackable items (ammo, comestibles) this is the volume of stack_size charges.
```

> "integral_volume" : 0,            // Volume added to base item when item is integrated into another (eg. a gunmod integrated to a gun). Volume in ml and L can be used - "50ml" or "2L".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
"integral_volume" : 0,            // Volume added to base item when item is integrated into another (eg. a gunmod integrated to a gun). Volume in ml and L can be used - "50 ml" or "2 L".
```

"environmental_protection" : 0,  //  (Optional, default = 0) How much environmental protection it affords
"material_thickness" : 1,  // Thickness of material, in millimeter units (approximately).  Generally ranges between 1 - 5, more unusual armor types go up to 10 or more
"pet_bodytype":        // the body type of the pet that this monster will fit.  See MONSTERS.md

> "max_pet_vol:          // the maximum volume of the pet that will fit into this armor. Volume in ml and L can be used - "50ml" or "2L".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
"max_pet_vol:          // the maximum volume of the pet that will fit into this armor. Volume in ml and L can be used - "50 ml" or "2 L".
```

> "min_pet_vol:          // the minimum volume of the pet that will fit into this armor. Volume in ml and L can be used - "50ml" or "2L".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
"min_pet_vol:          // the minimum volume of the pet that will fit into this armor. Volume in ml and L can be used - "50 ml" or "2 L".
```

"price": 95,           // Used when bartering with NPCs
"material": ["iron", "wood"], // Material types.  See materials.json for possible options
"weight": 907,         // Weight, measured in grams

> "volume": "1500 ml",   // Volume, volume in ml and L can be used - "50ml" or "2L"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
"volume": "1500 ml",   // Volume, volume in ml and L can be used - "50 ml" or "2 L"
```

"techniques": "FLAMING", // Combat techniques used by this tool
"flags": "FIRE",      // Indicates special effects
"weight": 831,        // Weight, measured in grams

> "volume": "1500 ml",  // Volume, volume in ml and L can be used - "50ml" or "2L"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
"volume": "1500 ml",  // Volume, volume in ml and L can be used - "50 ml" or "2 L"
```

    "type": "holster", // Holster or draw a weapon
    "holster_prompt": "Holster item", // Prompt to use when selecting an item
    "holster_msg": "You holster your %s", // Message to show when holstering an item

>     "max_volume": "1500 ml", // Maximum volume of each item that can be holstered. Volume in ml and L can be used - "50ml" or "2L".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    "max_volume": "1500 ml", // Maximum volume of each item that can be holstered. Volume in ml and L can be used - "50 ml" or "2 L".
```

>     "min_volume": "750 ml",  // Minimum volume of each item that can be holstered or 1/3 max_volume if unspecified. volume in ml and L can be used - "50ml" or "2L".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    "min_volume": "750 ml",  // Minimum volume of each item that can be holstered or 1/3 max_volume if unspecified. volume in ml and L can be used - "50 ml" or "2 L".
```

#### `max_volume`

> (Optional) Maximal volume that can be used to store items here. Volume in ml and L can be used - "50ml" or "2L"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(Optional) Maximal volume that can be used to store items here. Volume in ml and L can be used - "50 ml" or "2 L"
```
